cast 1 
Listening test
In this section, you must demonstrate your ability to understand spoken English.
This section is divided into four parts and will take approximately 45 minutes to complete.
Do not mark the answers in your textbook, use the answer sheet that is provided separately.
Part 1 directions.
For each question, you will listen to four short statements about a picture in your test book.
These statements will not be printed and will only be spoken one time.
Select the statement that best describes what is happening in the picture and mark the corresponding letter A B C or D on the answer sheet.
Look at the picture below. 
Now, listen to the four statements.
A, the man is looking at the monitor.
B, the man is sitting at the desk.
C, the man is typing a letter.
D, The man is holding a cup.
The statement that best describes the picture is B, the man is sitting at the desk. 
So you should Mark letter B on the answer sheet.
Now part 1 will begin.  
Number 6. \n
Look at the picture Mark number 6 in your test book \n
a a balcony overlooks a patio 
b there are stools arranged in a row 
C stairs lead to the outside of a restaurant 
d a dining establishment is filled with customer.
Go on to the next page. 
Number 18 
show the layout of the bakery dbree arranged 
a Mike has laid out the documents 
b across from the section 
c that could be too difficult. 
Questions 32 through 34 refer to the following conversation.
Who am I supposed to submit this corporate merger Article 2 4 review when I'm done drafting it, 
it's Friday and the story is scheduled to be published in our papers Sunday edition. 
So someone will have to approve by the end of the day. 
You can send it to Arnold Smith 
following his promotion last week. He's responsible for all articles published in our weekend edition. 
I'll submit it to him this afternoon then 
but first, could you tell me what you think of the title? 
Here's a copy of the Peace.
Number 32 
what most likely is the man's occupation?
Question 71 through 73 refer to the following telephone message. Marion it's Haley. 
One of my friends invited me to go to the front and music festival with him on Saturday. 
I said I would go like you to come along to 
the festival is going to be held up call from Park from noon until 10 p.m. 
We plan to go at 5:30 because our favorite then takes the stage at 6:30 and we'd like to get an hour earlier to find good seats. 
Please call or text me whenever you get this message to let me know if you'll be joining us. 
I want to buy tickets this afternoon since today is the last day to buy them at reduced prices. 
Number 71, 
what did the speaker agree to do?
